-Clean up code! (Someone beat it severely with the "oogly stick"!)

  o  SOUND: I think the way laser.c handles sound playing should
     be adopted by the rest of the app (via a function so we don't have
     all these "if (sys_sound)" all over the place

     ---  MAKE THE RUN SOUND NOT HAPPEN IF IT DOESN'T NEED TO!!!
          & STOP IT ONCE IT IS DONE!

  o  COMET ZAP: clean up the way text is generated...  right now
     it is being generated every time! -- plus maybe switch to the
     AA text

     --- idea: once the player gets "done" with a wave, they can
               continue playing on the wave until they are ready 
	       to move on.  They do so by hitting a key 
	       (ENTER/SPACE ??) which causes TUX to destroy all
	       comets at once!
 
  o  OBJECTs: ClearObject, EraseObject, ...  needs to be reworked.
     while these are "objects", I think we should retitle these
     sprites, as clearobject, eraseobject does not do what one
     might think (removing from memory)...  Plus we can probably
     simplify the "realeraseobject" vs. "eraseobject"

  o  LOCALE: gettext & locales...  enough said

  o  MAKE STUFF: Cal is working on it for *nix.  We need to make
     sure we can build for others (win, mac).

  o  THEMES: after gettext is set up, a way to specify font,
     fontsize, and other graphical options for the theme...
     (on top of the already supported images)

     --- Currently when we are loading a image, it will first
         search through all the theme paths, and then it will
         search through all the default paths, which is nice
         except when the theme has "icons" for the menu.  Then
         the program will try to load as many icons and since
         a theme may use fewer images than the default images,
         the theme will have EXTRA frames that shouldn't be 
         included!

  o  INPUT: can TT2 determine if the user presses "fancy" latin
     characters such as n~, ...  I don't know...  a way to test
     exists now though :)

  o  TRANSLATION: once we have gettext working, TT2 will be less
     of a moving target for translators...

  o  Tux Recommend: add tux giving friendly reminders about proper
     hand location, erogomics, ...
